the future foster cortical se caster
left to shoot a trissino brochure
I am enchanted by that if for that the tris
on corazon and they are immense that to the
lotus who is instead trusted friends who
fatality is clear and in the free cycle
let's do discovery together on a title
for the many years since yesterday
day ago the building site of the fold
like these the ingredients for deaths
from a safe city operation to the elderly
at the beginning the program speaks with tone and
the city ​​we want to have it
the thing means
I'm proud that it makes us be that hot
that really merchant for the room
but local teachers in the thirties
the moments in the air the real anger life though
outside the home the quality of what
we want to do
as a miracle present the applause card
ginger capo be roller 2009 the tour
still high we start to do